# Hawk

Dead simple rust CLI to ease workflows management inside monorepos.

## Usage

Run `hawk init` to initialize an empty config file. With the `--read-from-env` flag `hawk` will try to
retrive your `workspaces` from `pnpm-workspace.yaml` or `pacakge.json` workspaces key.
~You can also pass `--json` if you want to save the config file as json.~

```bash
$ hawk init
```

## Example

> Check out the [example](./example) folder.

Below an example monorepo situation:

```sh
example
├── hawk-config.yaml
├── .github
│   └── workflows
│       ├── my-second-app--deploy.yml # name generated by folder
│       └── the-app--deploy.yml # name is read from package.json
└── packages
    ├── my-app
    │   ├── .DS_Store
    │   ├── package.json // reads workspace name from package.json (the-app)
    │   └── .github/workflows
    │       └── deploy.yml
    └── my-second-app
        └── .github/workflows
            └── deploy.yml
```

```bash
    $ cd example
    $ hawk --watch
    ... let the magic happen
```

## Why

[Github actions don't yet support workflows inside subfolders](https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/18055#discussioncomment-3703595), neither in your `.github/workflows/` folder or project custom folders.
So I made `hawk` to solve this problem without using custom commands. It lets you copy workflows from custom paths and paste them with a prefix, handling most of the pain.
With 10 lines config you have a working monorepo setup.

## Installation

Until release installation is only available from source code. Make sure to have your rust environment ready, then:

- Clone the repo
- Run `cargo build -r` or `make build`
- Copy `target/release/hawk` to your path or use `sudo make install` (it will copy the bin into `/usr/local/bin`)
- Enjoy

## Setup

To setup a new project just run `hawk init`. If you're in a `node` environment you can pass the `--read-from-env` flag to generate config based on the monorepo configuration.

## Features

- [x] File watching
- [x] Cleanup `workflows` folder from generated files.
- [x] Custom configuration
- [x] Generate config from `pnpm-workspace.yaml` and yarns `package.json:workspaces`
- [ ] Create an action to automate this process. (so the user can update a workflow, push and get the generated one updated automatically)
